Revenge

There was two kingdom in the old continent of Uro.
The peoples lived in peace in this countries. There was not war since thousand years. 
But once two litle prices born in the bigger kingdom.
However they was twins they hate each other. 
The younger was inteligent and hard-working in the learn, and always was patient and polite. 
His name was Andrew.
The older inherited his father's charm. but he was a little bit arrogant, and mad.
He was called Arthur the Nice.
Once the two brothers was travelled the another kingdom.
They met the king of this kingdom, and had a launch with the king's family.
The king was an old and wise man, who has two children, Maire theyoung princess, and his brother Charles. 
In the first meet, Andrew felt in love to Maire, and the second time they are come together, the young prince was proposed Marie. She said yes.
After a few months they celebrated the wedding where a lot of nooble and noobleness man was invited by the two kingdoms. 
It was a big event, a lot of bard was created song from it, but after the celebration there was a tragedy appeard.
Arthur was really became jealous his younger brother. He love Marie two and he don't tolerate the fact the young princess was loved his hated brother, not him. 
After the wedding Arthur los this mind, and had an argue with Marie. He pleased her to run away with him, but she said:
I love Andrew not you! 
Arthur had been realy angry and he pushed the princess who felt down and break her neck. 
The princes was died. 
After the incident arthur was escaped his home and told the old king, his brother was became mad, and he will capture all of the two kingdoms teritory. 
The king belive his son so he alerted the army. 
Andrew lost his young wife and lost his vim and vitality. First he can not beleive the romours that his brother killed his princess. But an old slave told them the truth and he became very angry. 
He want revenge. Se he asked his father-in-law to go to the battle with him, and take revenge after his lost princess. 
The old king stay quiet and told the young prince:
I will help you. But i don't want revenge, and i do not start a new war after a thousands years of peace. 
And then the old king – who lost his young girl- take his army and went to the border. Int he border there was the another army with Artur the killer prince and his father. Before the battle the old king who help Andrew  want to speak with the king from the other side. 
The two king was talking a lot and after the conversation the Arthur's father was so dissapointed and he cancelled the battle. Then he told his son: 
Now i know you are a wicked man with a big sin. Now go to the battlefield and fight with your brother. 
Hovewer Arthur was a coward he grabed his sword and fight wit his brother, and he defeated. 
After Andrew defeated Arthur, he wasn't killed him. He told them that he was no more his brother and go away. 
Arthur was exiled from the kingdoms, and Andrew go back to his old father, and lived his life lonely with the memory of his one true love in his heart. 
